good day ladies and gentlemen it's
quantum reflex with a long-awaited view
of ideas v3 we all fondly know as our
favorite female transformer the lip so
let's start off the box itself is black
on the back you've got 18 years and up
luckily I'm 18 and a half years old so
we got a nice picture of the Volkswagen
Beetle on the front in blue let's open
it has a plastic protector on it and
here she is you're probably wondering
why have we got an Autobot sign here
surely idea didn't supply it with an
autobot sticker that would be correct
I've got that myself from reprolabels
calm it just looks a lot better with an
autobot sticker let's have a close look
at the car mode the windows are creamy
color the wheels are exactly the same
mold as the classic legends class
bumblebee underneath the car we've got
some axle detail here and we have some
axle detail here as well a nice
representation of glyphs vehicle mode
let's transform her transforms exactly
the same way as the classic legend small
as you can see we don't have a base pay
instead we have a yellow base the inside
of the limbs are gray legs are gray
let's take a look around there she is
from the back
on the arms there's not a great deal of
articulation you can kind of have the
arms like this because the chest is so
big when you put the arms forward
doesn't quite look right so it's
probably best to keep the arms down I
don't think the chest is too bad she
looks quite good in our proportions
they're all in all it's a good mold she
can stand up properly she doesn't fall
over she has an extra bit of plastic
here so she can balance all right at
last a VW mold we've got I Gator thanks
for that because to car or house bro he
Harvey all them guys they wouldn't
provide us with a whole new VW mold the
closest thing they gave was a new head
sculpt on that bumblebee so thank you
very much I gear I look forward to your
masterpiece bumblebee hopefully thank
you very much it's contin reflex saying
goodbye